## **4 物品类**

**高频**

* 你认为漂亮的物体

* 你引以为豪的照片

**中频**

* 见过的产品广告
* 二手购物网站
* 最近读的书或故事
* 关于健康的文章
* 塑料垃圾
* 喜欢的音乐

**低频**

* 手机（Mobile phones）
* 手表（Watches）
* 电脑（Computers）
* 艺术品（Art）
* 广告（Advertisements）

---


**高频**

* 你认为漂亮的物体（车）
i want to talk about a car.

actually, it is my car

every day i saw it in the undergrond park lot

or in the garrage if i drive it to my parents' house.

it is a tesla model 3.
it has a Streamlined body.
and its color is named bullet silver.

everyday , when i say it before and after work.
it can bring me a better emotion.

because the design of it is realy unique.
and it looks kind of simmilar to some racing car.

the theme of its design is simple.

many other car just add many complicated elements to the body.

but tesla just cut them off.

i like that kind of design.



* 你引以为豪的照片（车）
i want to talk about a photo a car.

actually, it is my car

i shot this photo when i was on a car trip with my girlfriend.

when we arrived a lake.
i parked the car, and took a photo of my girlfriend with the car.


everyday , when i say it before and after work.
it can bring me a better emotion.

because the design of it is realy unique.
and it looks kind of simmilar to some racing car.

the theme of its design is simple.

many other car just add many complicated elements to the body.

but tesla just cut them off.

i like that kind of design.

**中频**

* 见过的产品广告（车）
i want to talk about an advertisement of a car.

actually, of my car

before i have my own cars, i almost watched these kinds of videos everyday.

i watched that one from my smart phone.

it is about 3 years ago.

basicly, it shows the appearance of the car, 
read instructions of configurations and comments from others.

they also invite a swimming star to shoot the commerial

i am a big swimming fans, so that really appealed me.

it sounds kind of silly but i 
really want to drive the same car as my idol.

and i can see the configuration is kind of supiror to its opponents
so i finally by the car.


* 二手购物网站（车）
i want to talk about a website which sells second-hand cars.

you can both rent a car or buy a second-hand car here.

before i have my own cars, i almost visit the website everyday.

i always look the pictures of the cars, 
read instructions of details and comments from others.

i think it is very helpful

it helps me to know better about cars.
such as which area should i check before buying a second-hand car

so i can get the best use of my money
and buy a car with good quality





* 最近读的书或故事（Demon Slayer）
japanese comic demon slayer
i first read it in university
but it keep updating
i meanly read it online

it is about a boy called tan jilong 
his younger sister become a demond.
so he kills other demond to protect his sister.

i think it is very touching.
because tanjilong always loves his sister.
no matter she is human or become a demond.



* 关于健康的文章（swimming）
i want to talk about an essay about.
how swimming can benifit our health.

i just read it online recently.
i want to find some swiming tutorial video online.

but i occisionally saw this article
and i was interesting about it.
so i read it.

it illustated that swimming is good for our flexibility.

and it is also freestyle can exercise the back muscle.
and breaststroke swimming can 
help me to understand more about different swimming styles.
and improve my swimming skills


* 塑料垃圾
in campus.
in my office, we product pastic waste
bags, bottles

but we drop them to the rubish box
and some cleaner will help us to remove them.

but outside the office
sometimes there are pla

maybe they dont mean that.
drop out from thier pocket by inccident.
or there forget to take it away.

i think it is a difficult problem.
because you cannot down let them visit the university.
and you also cannot just fine them.
that is not fair.
to i think it is hard to find a solution

* 喜欢的音乐（queen）

my favorate singer is Freddie Mercury.
he is the lead singer of queen
my favourate song is bohemian rapsody.

i started to knowed him after watching a movie about queen.
the movie is called bohemian rapsody, same as the most famous song.

i dont know much about music, 
like what is rock&roll, and what is what is jazz.

i just feel that the song bohemian rapsody gives me a strong power.
the rythem is beautiful
and the lyrics is inspiring.

i was getting through a tough period of my life.
the lyrisc:
nothing really matters
anyone can see.
really give me a sense of released.